1️⃣️A GAME OF THRONES :
	Long ago, in a time forgotten, a preternatural event threw the seasons out of balance. In a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister forces are massing beyond the kingdom’s protective Wall. To the south, the king’s powers are failing—his most trusted adviser dead under mysterious circumstances and his enemies emerging from the shadows of the throne. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the frozen land they were born to. Now Lord Eddard Stark is reluctantly summoned to serve as the king’s new Hand, an appointment that threatens to sunder not only his family but the kingdom itself.

Sweeping from a harsh land of cold to a summertime kingdom of epicurean plenty, A Game of Thrones tells a tale of lords and ladies, soldiers and sorcerers, assassins and bastards, who come together in a time of grim omens. Here an enigmatic band of warriors bear swords of no human metal; a tribe of fierce wildlings carry men off into madness; a cruel young dragon prince barters his sister to win back his throne; a child is lost in the twilight between life and death; and a determined woman undertakes a treacherous journey to protect all she holds dear. Amid plots and counter-plots, tragedy and betrayal, victory and terror, allies and enemies, the fate of the Starks hangs perilously in the balance, as each side endeavors to win that deadliest of conflicts: the game of thrones.

AUTHOR : GEORGE R.R. MARTIN
PRICE : $6.99

2️⃣️ NORTHERN LIGHTS :
	Lyra is an orphan and leads a carefree life until she overhears a conversation about ‘Dust’. Intrigued by ‘Dust’ she wishes to know more about it. Her wish is about to come true when children (including Lyra’s playmate Roger) start disappearing and the exotic Mrs. Coulter arrives at Oxford to take Lyra away and to prune her into a fine lady. Together with her own daemon Pantalaimon, Lyra begins her journey to the Arctic, armed with an ‘alethiometer’ or a ‘truth-teller’ to find her friend Roger, kidnapped by the ‘Gobblers’ and to free Lord Asriel who has been imprisoned for conducting experiments on Dust who he believes holds the key to travel to parallel universes. On the way she meets the Gyptians, witches of the clan of Serafina Pekkala and an armoured polar bear, Iorek, who unite to help her towards the destiny she was prophesied to fulfill.

AUTHOR : PHILIP PULLMAN
PRICE : $11.63

3️⃣️HARRY POTTER :
	Harry Potter is about to start his second year at Hogwarts. Harry expects it to be a normal year after his experiences the term before but a secret chamber opens, muggle-born students are attacked and Harry must put his life in danger once more.

The three main characters in the story are Harry Potter – a young wizard who finds out he can speak Parselmouth (talk to snakes) and is mistaken for the heir of Slytherin; Ron Weasley – Harry’s best friend who steals his Father’s flying car to fly himself and Harry to Hogwarts; and Hermione Granger – Harry’s other best friend who is the smartest student in their year at school but who is petrified when the attacks start. The new Defence against the Dark Arts teacher is Gilderoy Lockhart who is a self-obsessed lunatic of a teacher.

AUTHOR : JK Rowling
PRICE : $6.89


4️⃣️ MAGICIAN :

	After fleeing Ojai, Nicholas, Sophie, Josh, and Scatty emerge in Paris, the City of Lights. Home for Nicholas Flamel. Only this homecoming is anything but sweet. Perenelle is still locked up back in Alcatraz and Paris is teeming with enemies. Niccolo Machiavelli, immortal author and celebrated art collector, is working for Dee. He’s after them, and time is running out for Nicholas and Perenelle. For every day spent without the Book of Abraham the Mage, they age one year-their magic becoming weaker and their bodies more frail. For Flamel, the Prophecy is becoming more and more clear.

It’s time for Sophie to learn the second elemental magic: Fire Magic. And there’s only one man who can teach it to her: Flamel’s old student, the Comte de Saint-Germain-alchemist, magician, and rock star. Josh and Sophie Newman are the world’s only hope-if they don’t turn on each other first.

AUTHOR : MICHEAL SCOTT
PRICE : $8.99

5️⃣️DRAGONFLIGHT :

	To the nobles who live in Benden Weyr, Lessa is nothing but a ragged kitchen girl. For most of her life she has survived by serving those who betrayed her father and took over his lands. Now the time has come for Lessa to shed her disguise—and take back her stolen birthright.

But everything changes when she meets a queen dragon. The bond they share will be deep and last forever. It will protect them when, for the first time in centuries, Lessa’s world is threatened by Thread, an evil substance that falls like rain and destroys everything it touches. Dragons and their Riders once protected the planet from Thread, but there are very few of them left these days. Now brave Lessa must risk her life, and the life of her beloved dragon, to save her beautiful world. . . .

AUTHOR :ANNIE MC CAFFREY
PRICE : $3.99

